in_elasticsearch: Add a documentation (#1027)
fluent/fluent-bit-docs: pipeline/inputs/elasticsearch.md

# Elasticsearch (Bulk API)

> The **elasticsearch** input plugin, allows to handle Elasticsearch and also OpenSearch Bulk API requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **elasticsearch** input plugin, allows the handling of Elasticsearch and also OpenSearch Bulk API requests.
```

## Configuration Parameters

The plugin supports the following configuration parameters:

| Key | Description |
| :--- | :--- |
| buffer\_max\_size | Set the maximum size of buffer. |
| buffer\_chunk\_size | Set the buffer chunk size. |
| tag\_key | Specify a key name for extracting as a tag. |
| meta\_key | Specify a key name for meta information. |
| hostname | Specify hostname or FQDN. This parameter is effective for sniffering node information. |

## Getting Started

In order to start performing the checks, you can run the plugin from the command line or through the configuration file:

### Command Line

> From the command line you can let Fluent Bit handles Bulk API requests with the following options:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From the command line you can configure Fluent Bit to handle Bulk API requests with the following options:
```

```bash
$ fluent-bit -i elasticsearch -p port=9200 -o stdout
```

### Configuration File

In your main configuration file append the following _Input_ & _Output_ sections:

```python
[INPUT]
    name elasticsearch
    listen 0.0.0.0
    port 9200

[OUTPUT]
    name stdout
    match *
```

As described above, the plugin will handle ingested Bulk API requests.
For large bulk ingestions, you may have to increase buffer size with **buffer_max_size** and **buffer_chunk_size** parameters:

```python
[INPUT]
    name elasticsearch
    listen 0.0.0.0
    port 9200
    buffer_max_size 20M
    buffer_chunk_size 5M

[OUTPUT]
    name stdout
    match *
```

#### Ingesting from beats series

> Ingesting from beats series agents is also supported.

Reviewer: Probably link out to beats series agents.

Author: Good point. I added their links in https://github.com/fluent/fluent-bit-docs/pull/1027/commits/c3ce2b8325ce676c0392272124c15b049cf10274.
